man today is such a wonderful day
nice try venom my bad man
didn't see you there whoa who are you
Who am I
did you feel real just ask that question
uh yeah I'm the black Nick Fury fool
really I thought you were mace windu
race who he was the guy ops shut up
now look fool I'm forming a team full of
super people and I was wondering if
you're willing to join cool yeah I don't
know Aunt May might not be too happy if
I leave screw at me I got three hot
girls waiting for you at the base
I get the call fool okay good
all right listen up fools before I get
started I want all y'all to introduce
yourselves start us off
Hawkeye or next hi I'm Steve Rogers and
uh shield ooh can I touch it no oh all
right Tony are you drunk
forget that fool we have an important
mission today
wait I never introduced myself
shut up bug boy sorry now listen up the
guy named venom is gonna rob a bank
today three o'clock so we got to stop
him
wait how do you know he's going to rob
the bank at exactly three o'clock he
tweeted it
oh now let's go except you bad boy
what why it's my arch nemesis I have to
fight him okay but you're young too
young but you saw me fight him earlier
yeah before I save your boy yeah but now
sit your boy down and stay until we come
back but what am I gonna do why you guys
are gone
I don't know play a game or something
peace